there are a few large families who have
major influence for hundreds of years
their operations on some occasions
become public so we can follow them and
attempt to put the puzzle pieces
together their ability to modulate
events to fit their master plan has been
going on for quite some time and it
seems that their power continues to
escalate you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at the
Rothschilds and the Rockefellers to see
what they've been up to let's begin the
Rockefellers and the Rothschilds make a
deal this was back in 2012 but just in
case you missed it I wanted to cover it
once again
I did cover it at the time this
information was new but thought that it
would be wise to cover it again because
a lot of people don't know about this to
families whose names are synonymous with
wealth have joined forces our IT capital
partners part of the Rothschild banking
dynasty has bought a stake in
Rockefeller Financial Services so
they're acquiring a 37% equity interest
formerly held by Societe Generale
private banking now I did a video
recently about RIT Capital Partners what
they've been buying what they've been
selling I also covered the Rockefellers
too so if you're interested in seeing
those just type in the money GPS and
Rockefeller or the money GPS Rothschild
and you will see those videos while the
Rockefellers are considered old money in
the US the Rothschild fortune goes back
many more generations in Europe that's
right and there's some very good
informative documentaries and other
videos that are out there on the
Rothschilds to check out you can also
see information on the Rockefellers too
you know that their power stretches very
far and very wide there's a lot of
conspiracy about it and a lot of
uncertainty but let's just cover some of
the basics so we know and we can use
that to then go as a launchpad on to
other topics looking at this year
this is an excellent chart that
basically shows you the Rockefellers and
the Rothschilds and shows you how they
integrate together other businesses and
the people and everything else it might
be a little hard to see with the font
but if you're interested definitely
check out the sources link in my
description where you can see this for
yourself
you're seeing for example john d
rockefeller jr. david rockefeller jr.
and how they are integrated together
Rockefeller & Co Inc Rockefeller
Financial Services Chase Manhattan and
there's a whole bunch of the web here
that links them all together very
important to know how businesses are
united as well as the individuals
underlying those businesses then we can
sort of make our best guesses as to what
they're going to do as to you know the
power that they hold different positions
of power within the governments and
everything else we know the Rockefellers
right in side the US government we know
about the Rothschilds having their
people in all different businesses as
well as owning their own businesses then
we look at this so in addition to what I
had covered just recently with the RIT
capital partners looking at this now
Edmond de Rothschild holding grew its
stake in shares of Nasdaq Inc by 67%
during the second quarter that's
according to the SE C's 13f filings so
you could see that they are purchasing
this it's not too much of an investment
here but it is something to note and the
reason I mention this particular is to
once again get into the fact that you
can see what these companies publicly
owned you don't know that individuals
holdings but anytime their core their
company or their corporation owns
something you can see what that is
through that companies SEC filings so
it's important to check that out you
just type in SEC 13 F and then the name
of that company and you'll see what they
owned I've covered this related to Apple
and what they own they own all these
mortgage-backed securities they own all
you know US government debt they were
everything and I've covered that here on
the channel before I did that for the
Rockefellers and the Rothschilds so
moving on into a little bit different
territory so stay with me just quickly
want to cover this the interview with
Baroness Ariane de Rothschild takes
place at the renovated offices of the
family investment house which is right
at the beginning of Rothschild Boulevard
itself named for the famous
philanthropists great-grandfather and
her husband wait a second where is it
none other than Tel Aviv I got to watch
what I say at this point because I don't
want to get this video banned looking at
this on Google Maps I was able to find
it here you can actually see the street
name is Rothschild quite interesting to
see that they have such influence that
they have a street named after them and
then moving on to this here Tel Aviv's
new architectural marvel today they
officially completed the Rothschild
Tower a modern residence with deep
aesthetic ties to its city's history and
culture and everything else and set
along Rothschild Boulevard so you've got
this Tower
you've got the street all named I think
this is the tower it was hard for me to
get the exactly the location on the
street view but anyway regardless all I
wanted to show you here was that here's
the street here's the tower and they
have such an influence within this
country that is located in that I will
not say the name of and you can best be
sure that their investments here that
their ties to this country will not go
unnoticed it's very important because
their power because of their ability to
have their influence over politicians
governments they financed Wars they've
done it all and I thought this was
particularly interesting I don't want to
get too deep into the details that's not
what I do especially for this type of
topic you can research that for yourself
I'd like to know what you think about it
just wanted to mention it there really
just touch on it surface level stuff
I hope you found this informative if you
did please give me a thumbs up
I do appreciate those thumbs up very
much and last but not least if you found
this video informative I know you will
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can actually flip
through these books if you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of these books to see if you like
them take care and of course I just
wanted to mention that if you want to
see those other videos that I have done
just type in the money GPS and either
the word Rothschild or Rockefeller and
you will get the other videos that in
the case of the Rothschild one it in a 7
day period
it went through 500,000 views so it
certainly took off there so you can
check those off for yourself that's all
take care